Add localization docs and translator guides (#7626)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/documents/translator-guide.md

> # Translator Guide

Author: Self-TODO: Update Weblate's "Instructions for translators" to point to this after merging.

- Define the voice and style for your language, for example the level of formality and grammatical preferences like the use of imperative vs infinitive.
- Build a glossary that standardizes key terms' translations to ensure consistency between translators.
- Identify external sources of reference or guidance for your languages, for example the Real Academia Española for Spanish.
- Coordinate information and work between translators of your target language.
- Review and approve suggested translations.

### All translators

- Translate new strings and update translations when strings change.
- Use Couchers in your target language to validate the quality of the translation as a whole (and report bugs!)
- Report issues with non-text aspects of Couchers in your language, such as text not available for translation, layout issues, invalid date formats or currencies, or cultural references.
- Report problematic strings, including missing context, inability to pluralize, or untranslatability.

## Your toolkit

We host a [Weblate instance](https://translate.couchershq.org/projects/couchers/) as our computer-assisted translation tool, it integrates many useful tools:

> - **Translation memory**: As part of the translation process, it is normal to translate several similar, maybe even identical strings. The "Automatic suggestions" tab will offer suggestions based on similar previously translated strings, as well as automated translations providers.

Reviewer: @tristanlabelle "Automatic suggestions" are only available for translation leads at this stage. I'm happy to extend this to approved translators (category doesn't exist yet). An approved translator would need to suggest XX translations that then get verified by the corresponding translation lead. Approved translators would be allowed to submit translations.

Author: Good to know! I do think anyone who works with us for a while should have access to the translation memory and AI suggestions, whether they are leads or not. Is there a reason to not make it available to everyone? (e.g. limited AI tokens?)

Let me know how to update this part based on who you'd give access to Automatic suggestions.

Reviewer: Due to lack of contributors we skip the "approved translator" stage and make new translators "translation leads"

Author: Ok I understand. I think it'd be valuable to have more than just than a single lead translator position if there are multiple active translators, be it either that there is one lead and multiple approved translators, or that they are all have the same powers within Weblate but maybe we recognize one person as the lead in terms of responsibilities.

I changed it to `Approved translators will have access to the "Automatic suggestions"`

Author: Oops we raced in replying. Got it.

Reviewer: Let's talk about this in the meeting next week and find a solution together.

Author: Can we merge this change now and revisit as needed? Let me know if you'd like different wording. Otherwise I'll need a ✅

> - **Glossary**: Use your language's glossary defines standard translations for key terms, like "host", that should be translated identically by all translators. Weblate will highlight string words that have a glossary entry, but note that you need to define redundant entries for variants of the term (e.g. "host" and "hosts").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Glossary**: Your language's glossary defines standard translations for key terms, like "host", that should be translated identically by all translators. Weblate will highlight string words that have a glossary entry, but note that redundant entries for variants of the term (e.g. "host" and "hosts") need to be defined.
```

- **Special characters**: Some languages require hard-to-type characters such as ellipses (…), special quotation marks («») or non-breaking spaces. Weblate offers quick buttons to input these.
- **Comments**: Add comments to raise problems with a string to fellow translators or for engineers to look at.

> - **Screenshots and explanations**: Attach extra contextual information to help translate the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Screenshots and explanations**: Additional contextual information to help translate the string.
```

> We recommend you also join our Slack workspace for more direct communication with the engineering team and other translators.

Reviewer: Only approved translators are welcome to join slack

Author: Changed to `Approved translators should join our Slack workspace for more direct communication with the engineering team and other translators.`

### Special strings

Strings can contain special content which require extra care:

> - **Placeholders**: If the English string contains a word surrounded by double curly braces, such as `{{name}}`, this is a placeholder. When navigating the website, it will replaced with the actual information, like `Bob`. You must preserve that placeholder, including its curly braces, but you may move it around based on the grammar of your language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Placeholders**: If the English string contains a word surrounded by double curly braces, such as `{{name}}`, this is a placeholder. When navigating the website, it will replaced with the actual information, like `Bob`. You must preserve that placeholder (i.e. do not modify the text, including its curly braces), but you may move it around based on the grammar of your language.
```
